I want to go to the bath.
What are you talking about?
I will have a fight with him at the bath house.
Please let me fight with him.
What about your fight with him?
I will have a fight with him at the bath house.
I'm sorry.
I will go to the bath house.
Go to a bath house.
I will go to a bath house.
I will go to the bath house.
I will fight with him in this way.
You have to fight.
I've been fighting with you always.
You have to fight me in this way.
You have to fight me.
Which one of you is the one who's going to hit me?
That's strange.
What are you going to do? You two are going to hit each other.
That's right. Hit each other.
Hit each other?
If you say that, I'll hit you.
That's right. Hit each other.
You two are going to hit each other.
Hit each other? That's strange.
Then he'll step on my foot.
He's not a foot.
He's been stepped on.
You've been stepped on.
You're the culprit.
Don't say that.
What's wrong with you?
You've been stepped on.
I told you.
I said, hey.
What?
Then he was surprised and said, hey.
Then he said, hey.
What? What's wrong?
So I told him.
What? Are you a?
I'm a bad person.
That's strange.
So I told him.
I'm not joking.
I'm a bad person.
Look, I never said anything.
I'm not done yet.
I said, hey.
I want you to moment there.
You can dash there to move you out.
That's strange.
This template.
I'm in touch with you.
You're my game.
Yes.
Fine.
I see.
Then we tell each other to create a new way.
It's strange.
If you hit me now, I'll go through the door.
Into theButch's seat?
Throw me into the Butch's seat.
It's strange to see you.
You're a fool. You can't do anything.
You can't do anything.
You're a fool.
I was a fool too.
I thought you were a fool.
But I was a fool.
I was a fool.
You're a fool.
But I was a fool.